While event (#3360)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/arrays.tex

is a \firstuse{reduction expression}.
The expressions in the iterators of a reduction expression shall be vector expressions.
They are evaluated once for each reduction expression, and are evaluated in the scope immediately enclosing the reduction expression.

> If \lstinline!expression1! contains event-generating expressions the reduction expression shall be an evaluable expression.

Reviewer: It doesn't make sense to require the entire reduction expression to be evaluable at the same time as it contains event-generating expressions.  I think this is what we mean:
```suggestion
If \lstinline!expression1! contains event-generating expressions, the expressions inside the iterators shall be evaluable.
```

\end{lstlisting}
is an \firstuse[array!constructor!with iterators]{array constructor with iterators}.
The expressions inside the iterators of an array constructor shall be vector expressions.

> If \lstinline!expression! contains event-generating expressions the expression inside the iterators shall be an evaluable expression.

Reviewer: This sentence needs to go at the end of the paragraph.

Reviewer: Also, the plural of `iterators` should be matched:
```suggestion
If \lstinline!expression! contains event-generating expressions, the expressions inside the iterators shall be evaluable.
```
